have leftover mashed potatoes from
dinner turn them into breakfast favorite
using this recipe for my crispy mashed
potato pancake okay let's get started
add two cups of cold mashed potatoes to
a bowl be sure they're well-seasoned
otherwise the pancakes will turn out a
bit bland to the potatoes add two
lightly beaten eggs 1 tbsp of flour and
1/8 TSP of garlic powder if your mashed
potatoes are on the wet side add a bit
more flour here we'll also add in 1 cup
of shredded mozzarella cheese and stir
everything together
okay ready to cook add one tablespoon of
vegetable oil to a nonstick skillet over
medium-high heat while the oil is
heating up shape the mashed potatoes
into one pancake the size of the skillet
this is done quite easily using a
lightly oiled dinner plate carefully
slide the pancake onto the heated oil
and lightly press the top with a spatula
to flatten out evenly try making
individual size pancakes if you wish
cook the pancake covered until the
bottom is crispy about ten minutes if
you want to crisp up the top side as
well slide the pancake back onto the
oiled plate cover it with another plate
and flip just like this
then slide it back into the skillet and
cook for another three to five minutes
now we'll slide the pancake into a large
platter and cut into wedges this is
super easy if you have a pizza cutter on
hands
Allrecipes member dana says i am so glad
i found an easier alternative to potato
pancakes just one big pancake I served
it with sour cream and chopped green
onions delicious